# s3955317_NONE4763_A2_2
  A guest instructor gave a presentation on Analytical Thinking and Effective Written Communication on Thursday, and I was exposed to it. At the beginning of the lecture, the instructor presented three outcomes after studying this topic, then he separated the class into small groups to discuss about the definition and purpose of argument, then gave three examples of argument and asked us to compare which one was better among the three. After that, the teacher gave each group a sheet of paper to debate the safety of Artificial Intelligence development. He instructed us to pick one of two opposing viewpoints and create a justification for our choice. Secondly, he went through the Paraphrase and Summarize lesson again, this time focusing on the definition and repercussions of plagiarism and revised the “Chunking” method.The professor then went on to the following section, Direct Quotations, which included examples and four reasons for using quotes. He also provided five responses to questions about paraphrasing, two for definitions and three for its relevance. Finally, the teacher cited three results when paraphrasing was required at university, and he gave us four articles to discover essential concepts and create a cohesive paragraph for the Synthesize section. 
  I was surprised to see the guest lecturer because he had previously taught me in another course, and his friendliness had a positive impact on the class. It was jovial for me when my group members felt comfortable to share their thoughts on the topic with me during the phase where students discussed about argument.
  Reflecting on an exercise on what I learned about Analytical Thinking and Effective Written Communication is a valuable experience for me since it will aid in the rapid development of my talents, particularly my paraphrasing skills. The guest tutor recommended that it was necessary for me to fully understand the “Chunking” method in the lecture he provided in class, remember the beneficial outcomes of paraphrasing to make it become a motivation and read variety type of books such as journals, newspaper or magazine from the university resource with advanced vocabularies to have my paraphrasing skills improved. I was able to prevent plagiarism in every assignment I would produce in this course or for my IT course in the future thanks to the lecturer's helpful advice, and I was also able to expand my academic vocabularies by continually wanting and seeking for new terms and synonyms.
